=======================================================
Tutorial - Packaging: Share your code for pip and Conda
=======================================================

:date: 2019-12-18 12:00
:url:
:save_as: tutorial/packaging.html

Tutorial - Packaging: Share your code for pip and Conda
=======================================================

Python packages are reusable code that can be fetched, installed, and then
imported by another program. Their contents are exactly the same as any Python
project, only contains some extra configuration, so they can be bundled and
uploaded to a shared place, for users to download from. This tutorial will
teach you how to generate said metadata, so you can bundle your code into a
"distributable," for others to install with either pip or Conda.

Goal
====

Attendees will be able to produce a Python package using Setuptools's PEP 517
backend, ready to be published to both a Python Package Index (PyPI) and a
community Conda repository (conda-forge). The package will contain both
importable Python files (pure modules and packages) and non-code data files.
Attendees will also be able to familiarize themselves with commonly-used
project management tools, and be ready to understand workflows of popular
packages, and to make contributions for them.

Target audience
---------------

TBD

Speaker introduction
====================

Tzu-Ping Chung (`@uranusjr <https://twitter.com/uranusjr>`__)

TP builds his career around open source software, and enjoys committing his
efforts to help make the world better. He builds all kinds of software for a
living, from embedded system to single-page web applications, and contributes
to the community when he can.

He served as chairperson during 2017â€“2018, and performed various other roles
for PyCon Taiwan. These days, he spends most of his free time contributing to
core Python packaging tools such as pip, and involving in packaging-related
architectural design discussions as a member of the Python Packaging Authority
(PyPA).

Detail description
==================

TBD

Requirement
-----------

TBD
